feat(quick-start): improved guide (#2704)
tannerlinsley/react-query: docs/src/pages/quick-start.md

  return (
    // Provide the client to your App
    <QueryClientProvider client={queryClient}>

>       <Todos />

Reviewer: i think it's a bit weird that we provide an example that is not really runnable. Rendering a `QueryClientProvider` without `children` isn't even valid jsx ....

  )
}
```

> Here we are creating a client by creating a new instance of the `QueryClient` class.

Reviewer: `creating a client by creating ...` is a bit repetitive.

> A query client can be used to deal with things like cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A QueryClient can be used to interact directly with the underlying caches.
```

Next, we pass the instance to the `QueryClientProvider` which must be a parent to all components that use `react-query`.
It connects the queryClient with your application. This is quite similar to the `Provider` component that is given by `redux`.

Let's now create a todo component:

```js
import {
  useQuery,
  useQueryClient,
  QueryClient,
  QueryClientProvider,
} from 'react-query'
import { getTodos, postTodo } from '../my-api'

// ...app component

function Todos() {
  // Access the client
  const queryClient = useQueryClient();

  // Queries
  const query = useQuery('todos', getTodos)

  return (
    <div>
      <ul>
        {query.data.map(todo => (
          <li key={todo.id}>{todo.title}</li>
        ))}
      </ul>
    </div>
  )
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

In the `Todo` component, we start by accessing the queryClient we defined earlier using the `useQueryClient` hook.

> A `query` listens to a source of data, in our case, the `getTodos` method.

Reviewer: this makes it sound like we're listening to the function `getTodos`, which is not true. We're listening to the query key, not the function. It gives the impression that the functional reference must be stable, which it is here, but it doesn't have to be.

The unique key you provide is used internally for re-fetching, caching, and sharing your queries throughout your application.

> Queries are generally use with the `GET` HTTP method, mutations are used for HTTP methods like `POST`, `PUT` etc which modify data on the server.

Reviewer: this is not a requirement and I wouldn't put it on the first page. react-query is promise based, so everything that produces a promise is welcome. It doesn't even have to fetch data over a network at all, and e.g. graphql exclusively uses POST requests for everything ....

Finally, let's add a button that adds a todo:
```js
import {
  useQuery,
  useMutation,
  useQueryClient,
  QueryClient,
  QueryClientProvider,
} from 'react-query'
import { getTodos, postTodo } from '../my-api'

// ...app component

function Todos() {
  // Access the client

>   const queryClient = useQueryClient();

Reviewer: this is just inconsistent now:

```suggestion
  const queryClient = useQueryClient()
```
